CODEKRAFT STUDIO — VERSION 5

This is the complete editable website source, including the latest flowing
smoke separation, scroll reveals, responsive layouts, and original artwork.

RUN LOCALLY
1. Extract the ZIP completely.
2. Install Node.js 22.13 or newer, including npm.
3. Open a terminal in the CodeKraft-Studio folder (where package.json is).
4. Run:

   npm ci
   npm run dev

5. Open the localhost address printed in the terminal. The portable
   development script uses port 5173 by default.

This is a React/TypeScript project. Run the development server to view it;
there is no standalone index.html to double-click.

BUILD
   npm run build
   npm start

The production build targets Cloudflare Workers. npm start previews the
built Worker locally. Use the URL printed by the command.

CONTACT FORM
The frontend and animations run without configuring a production database.
Saving enquiries requires the Cloudflare D1 binding named DB and the included
SQL migration in drizzle/. The ZIP includes the API and database schema;
it does not include saved enquiries or production database credentials.
For another hosting environment, configure compatible database bindings
and apply the migration before relying on contact submissions.

EDITING
- components/codekraft/content.ts: services, projects, and products.
- components/codekraft/studio.tsx: page sections and navigation.
- components/codekraft/smoke-canvas.tsx: flowing smoke renderer.
- components/codekraft/use-scroll-motion.ts: scroll timing and reveals.
- app/globals.css: layout, colors, responsive rules, and animation styling.
- public/assets/: supplied logo, reference images, and smoke artwork.
- app/api/contact/route.ts: project enquiry endpoint.

ANIMATION
Scroll down to part the smoke and fade it to black. Scroll back up to restore
it. System reduced-motion settings intentionally disable the large movements.
The original smoke-image layers are retained as a fallback when Canvas 2D
is unavailable.

CONTENTS
All version-5 tracked project files are included. Installed dependencies,
build output, local caches, repository history, and temporary test pages
are omitted. npm ci restores dependencies using the included lockfile.

The existing Sites identity is retained for the same CodeKraft project.
Downloading this ZIP does not publish the saved website update.
